drop ghc 7 (#74)
haskell/test-framework: README.md

[![Hackage version](https://img.shields.io/hackage/v/test-framework.svg?label=Hackage&color=informational)](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/test-framework)
[![test-framework on Stackage Nightly](https://stackage.org/package/test-framework/badge/nightly)](https://stackage.org/nightly/package/test-framework)
[![Stackage LTS version](https://www.stackage.org/package/test-framework/badge/lts?label=Stackage)](https://www.stackage.org/package/test-framework)
[![Cabal build](https://github.com/haskell/test-framework/workflows/Haskell-CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/haskell/test-framework/actions)

test-framework
==============

> This framework for organize tests is considered legacy and no longer actively developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This framework for organize tests is mature and stable, but it is no longer actively developed.

NEW FEATURE REQUESTS AND CONTRIBUTIONS ARE NO LONGER ACCEPTED!
```

Reviewer: @andreasabel I'm OK with the old wording as well, just throwing this in as a suggestion..

Old homepage: https://haskell.github.io/test-framework/

New users are encouraged to look into more actively developed test frameworks,
for instance:

- [hspec](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/hspec)

> - [tasty](https://hackage.haskell.or/package/tasty)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [tasty](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/tasty)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: It would be helpful to guide users how to migrate to modern frameworks. Here is an instruction for `tasty`:

```md
### Migration to `tasty`

The following steps are sufficient for the majority of packages:

* Replace packages in `build-depends`:
  * `test-framework` -> `tasty`,
  * `test-framework-hunit` -> `tasty-hunit`,
  * `test-framework-quickcheck2` -> `tasty-quickcheck`.
* Replace module imports:
  * `Test.Framework` -> `Test.Tasty`,
  * `Test.Framework.Providers.HUnit` -> `Test.Tasty.HUnit`,
  * `Test.Framework.Providers.QuickCheck2` -> `Test.Tasty.QuickCheck`.
* Replace in type signatures:
  * `Test` -> `TestTree`.
* Replace `defaultMain tests` with `defaultMain $ testGroup "All" tests`.
```

Reviewer: This section is for "new users" and kept brief on purpose.

1. For existing users, there is no need to necessarily migrate to anything.
2. If existing users choose to migrate to something else, I trust them to be able to figure out themselves how to do this.
3. If you want to provide instructions on how to migrate from `test-framework` to your project then I think this belongs into the documentation of your project.

Reviewer: Also, for what it's worth:
```markdown
### Migration to `hspec`
The following steps are sufficient:
 * Add to `build-depends`:
   * `hspec-test-framework`
 * Remove from`build-depends`:
   * `test-framework`
   * `test-framework-hunit`
   * `test-framework-quickcheck2`
 * Replace `test-framework-th` with `hspec-test-framework-th`
```

But I really don't think any of this belongs here.
